AND AS WE MAKE OUR WAY OUT
OF THE GOURMET KITCHEN,
WE FIND OURSELF BACK IN
THE WARM EMBRACE
OF THE PARLOR.
EASY, DUCHESS.
IT'S ONE ROOM,
NOT GOSFORD PARK.
WHERE'D YOU GET
ALL THIS SWEET FURNITURE?
OH, WE RENTED IT
TO MAKE THE HOUSE FEEL
MORE COMFORTABLE AND INVITING.
DON'T SIT THERE!
OH, MY GOSH.
IT TOOK ME 20 MINUTES
TO GET THESE CHOPS JUST RIGHT.
THERE.
DOES THAT LOOK STRAIGHT?
NOTHING ABOUT THAT
LOOKS STRAIGHT.
I LOVE THE HOUSE.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
HERE IS A TREE.
IT'S A PACHIRA,
A TAIWANESE SYMBOL
OF GOOD FINANCIAL FORTUNE.
(Cameron) OH, THANK YOU.
IT'S ALSO KNOWN AS A MONEY TREE.
THAT MAKES TWO OF US.
MM.
WELL, I WOULD LIKE
TO PROPOSE A TOAST. (chuckles)
MM.
MISSED ME.
TO THE HARD WORK
OF CLAIRE AND CAMERON--
OR AS I LIKE TO CALL THEM,
"CLAMERON"...
OH! (chuckles)
WHICH IS WHAT POTENTIAL
HOME BUYERS WILL BE DOING
WHEN THEY SEE
THIS PLACE.
CLAMORIN'.
(chuckles)
CLAMORING
T-TO BUY IT F--
PHIL, DON'T GO BACK
FOR IT.
BECAUSE THIS HOUSE
IS GOING TO SELL.
WHO'S THE BEST REALTOR
IN TOWN?
GIL THORPE.
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND HE HAS BUYERS
COMING OVER TOMORROW.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WOW! ALL RIGHT.
TO CLAIRE AND CAM.
MY SISTER.
MY PARTNER.
MY SISTER! MY PARTNER!
"CHINATOWN." HILARIOUS.
STILL EMPTY.
OKAY, YOU KNOW
YOU'RE MY RIDE.
TO CLAMERON!
SPEECH!
(Mitchell) HERE, HERE.
OH! WELL, GOSH,
I WASN'T PREPARED
FOR THIS. I...
I THINK WE SHOULD JUST--
HERE'S TO THE BEST CONSTRUCTION
CREW IN THE BUSINESS.
OKAY.
HANK. LUIS. PACO!
WISH YOU COULD BE HERE
RIGHT NOW, BUDDY.
WHAT, DID HE DIE?
NO, HE'S ON THE ROOF
FIXING A SHINGLE
THAT HE SHOULD'VE GOTTEN
RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.
I GUESS--
AND THEN TO MY PARTNER.
MY LIFELONG COMPANION.
AW.
MY LOVAH.
MM. OKAY, CAM.
(Claire) OH.
WHO HAD HIS DOUBTS ABOUT
THIS PROJECT THE WHOLE TIME,
AND NEVER,
EVEN IN MY DARKEST MOMENT,
SAID "I TOLD YOU SO."
OH.
WHICH IS GOOD BECAUSE
HE WOULD'VE BEEN WRONG.
VERY GRACIOUS.
OKAY.
AND I'M SURE THAT THE HOUSE
IS GONNA SELL IN NO TIME.
(Claire and Phil) HEY!
(all) HEAR, HEAR.
YEAH!
HEY, I'VE GOT A FRIEND
WHO WANTS TO BUY A HOUSE.
MAYBE I CAN SHOW IT TO HIM
AFTER SCHOOL.
THEN IF HE BUYS IT,
I'D GET THE COMMISSION.
WHAT WOULD THAT BE?
ADORABLE.
OH!
I'M SERIOUS.
AND I'M NOT ADORABLE.
I'M GETTING
A MUSTACHE.
(all) AW!
I KNOW MY A-B-C's.
WOW. I GUESS THINGS WEREN'T
ABOUT YOU FOR A SECOND.
OKAY, WRAPPING THIS UP.
(Claire) YEAH.
TO THE FASTEST SALE
IN REAL ESTATE HISTORY.
(clinking)
YES!
BRAVO!
SERIOUSLY, IT'S BAD LUCK
TO TOAST WITH AN EMPTY GLASS.
♪
DUNPHY, I'M NOT GONNA
LIE TO YOU.
YOU GUYS DID A NICE JOB
ON THE HOUSE. MY BUYER WANTS IN.
FANTASTIC!
THAT IS GREAT NEWS!
YOU KNOW, WHEN WE FIRST
GOT INTO THIS--
WHOA,
THE SMALL TALK'S OVER.
HERE'S WHAT
WE'RE PREPARED TO OFFER.
YOU'RE JOKING, RIGHT?
I DON'T JOKE
ABOUT REAL ESTATE.
I JOKE ABOUT GOLF
AND MEXICANS.
IT'S OKAY, THOUGH.
I'M MARRIED TO ONE.
W-WE'RE NOT GONNA
TAKE THIS.
IT'S THE FIRST DAY
ON THE MARKET.
WE'D BARELY BREAK EVEN.
TAKE IT.
NO.
THE MARKET'S CRASHING!
NUH-UNH.
YOU'RE IN OVER
YOUR HEAD.
MAYBE YOU'RE IN OVER
DUNPHY,
LISTEN TO ME.
IF YOU PASS UP ON THIS,
YOU'RE GONNA REGRET IT.
I DON'T KNOW THE MEANING
OF THE WORD "REGRET."
(singsongy) HERE WE GO.
FRENCH TOAST, DOUBLE BACON.
EGG WHITES,
DRY TOAST.
DAMN IT.
(laughs)
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING, GIL.
YOU MAY BE TOP DOG,
BUT YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S GONNA HAVE REGRETS,
'CAUSE THIS HOUSE
IS GONNA SELL LIKE... THAT.
(exhales deeply) OH.
WELL...
(pops)
THAT'S IT FOR TODAY.
WE'RE GOING TO DIE
IN THIS HOUSE.
OH, THE PILLOWS HAVE LOST
THEIR FLUFF.
THE PILLOWS
ARE NOT THE PROBLEM!
IT'S OKAY, MANNY.
I'LL SEE YOU IN A MINUTE.
YES, I'LL BE POLITE
AND I'LL BE NICE. I PROMISE.
I'M GOING
TO KILL HIM.
WHAT'D JAVIER
DO THIS TIME?
HIS ONE BIG WEEKEND
ALONE WITH HIS SON,
AND I JUST FOUND OUT
THAT HE BROUGHT
HIS LATEST BIMBO ALONG.
HE ALWAYS
DOES THIS.
YOU REMEMBER
THAT TIME
THAT HE TOOK MANNY
AND THAT STRIPPER FISHING?
YEAH. THEY BARELY GOT
A NIPPLE.
COME ON. THAT WAS GOOD.
I JUST THOUGHT OF THAT.
ARE YOU DONE?
I BET SHE WAS COMFORTABLE
WITH THE POLE.
AH. SHOULD'VE QUIT
AFTER "NIPPLE."
HOW DOES LENO DO IT
NIGHT AFTER NIGHT?
I WAS JUST WONDERING THAT
ABOUT MYSELF.
PHIL, PLEASE. TELL US THAT
YOU HAVE SOME GOOD NEWS.
WELL, IT'S COMPLICATED
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE GOOD NEWS,
BUT I REALLY WANT YOU GUYS
TO LIKE ME.
WHAT?
GIL THORPE CALLED BACK
WITH ANOTHER OFFER,
BUT IT WAS $10,000
LOWER THAN THE LAST ONE.
(sighs)
LOWER?
OH, THAT IS PERFECT.
THAT'S JUST PERFECT.
SOMETHING YOU WANNA SAY,
MITCHELL?
YES.
I TOLD YOU SO.
I WARNED YOU
THIS WOULD HAPPEN.
I TRIED TO STOP IT,
BUT YOU WOULDN'T LET ME.
I WAS RIGHT,
AND YOU WERE WRONG.
UH, YOU LIVE IN THIS RIDICULOUS
CANDY-COLORED FANTASY LAND.
I AM SO MUCH SMARTER
THAN YOU,
AND IT IS KILLING ME
NOT TO RUB YOUR NOSE IN IT!
NO.
I'M JUST THINKING.
OKAY, GUYS,
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
WE CAN'T CARRY THIS HOUSE
FOR MUCH LONGER.
CAM, WHAT DID YOU SPEND
ON STAGING?
UH, LET'S SEE.
I DON'T KNOW.
HOW CAN YOU NOT KNOW?!
BECAUSE I WAS HUNGRY,
AND EVERYTHING WAS SO PRETTY.
(groans)
AND I DIDN'T THINK
IT WOULD MATTER
BECAUSE WHO
COULD'VE GUESSED
WE WOULDN'T HAVE
SOLD THE HOUSE BY NOW?
ME.
PHIL,
DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN GET GIL THORPE
UP TO HIS ORIGINAL OFFER?
HOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU COULD, UH, FLATTER HIM,
STROKE HIS EGO.
NO, HE'D NEVER FALL FOR THAT.
HE'S TOO SMART.
OHH, BUT, HONEY, IF ANYBODY
CAN PULL IT OFF, YOU CAN.
MM-HMM.
YOU'RE SO GOOD
AT EVERYTHING.
MM.
THAT IS TRUE.
I'LL DO IT.
MM.
(door opens)
(singsongy)
WE'RE BACK!
I CANNOT BELIEVE
THAT AGAIN YOU BROUGHT A GIRL.
WHAT IS IT THIS TIME?
A COCKTAIL WAITRESS?
A BOAT SHOW MODEL?
A STRIPPER?
(door closes)
NO, THEN I COULD MAKE
REAL MONEY. I'M JUST A PhD.
MOM,
THIS IS TRISH.
GLORIA, HI.
HI.
JAY.
HOW DO YOU DO?
I HAVE HEARD SO MUCH
ABOUT YOU.
SHE WORKS
AT THE MUSEUM OF ART.
IT WAS SO COOL.
WE GOT AN AFTER HOURS TOUR,
AND TRISH SAID I COULD TAKE
FLASH PICTURES OF THE PAINTINGS.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
I DIDN'T.
THAT'S A RELIEF.
I WAS AFRAID I WAS GONNA
HAVE TO LOOK AT 'EM.
SO YOU WORK AT THE MUSEUM?
OH, NO.
I'M JUST ON THE BOARD.
I RUN THE ART AND ANTIQUITIES
DEPARTMENT AT CHRISTIE'S.
LET ME SEE. WHAT IS THE WORD
I AM LOOKING FOR?
OH, YES.
BAM!
SO HOW DID YOU TWO MEET?
I WON A CAR IN A POKER GAME,
BUT IT CAUGHT ON FIRE,
SO THE GUY
GAVE ME A PAINTING.
I TOOK IT
TO THE AUCTION HOUSE,
EH, TICKY TICKY,
I MADE A BIG PROFIT
BUT I STILL CAME HOME
WITH A MASTERPIECE.
HE MEANS HER.
(Trish and Javier chuckle)
MAY I TELL YOU,
YOU HAVE A WONDERFUL BOY?
SO WELL-MANNERED
AND CHIVALROUS.
IT'S LIKE
HE LEAPT OFF THE CANVAS
OF A 16th CENTURY PORTRAIT
BY GAINSBOROUGH OR van DYKE.
(laughs)
(inhales sharply)
LISTEN TO THAT BRAIN. HMM?
CAN THEY STAY
FOR DINNER?
WELL,
THAT'S UP TO THEM, PAPI.
HOW CAN I TURN DOWN
A FREE MEAL?
FIRST TIME'S
THE HARDEST.
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
MY LOVE?
WELL, I'M NOT SURE I'M READY
TO SAY GOOD-BYE TO THIS GUY YET.
BUT I'LL ONLY STAY
IF YOU LET ME CONTRIBUTE.
I DID BRING ALONG A FABULOUS
BOTTLE OF '82 BORDEAUX
THAT WE DIDN'T GET
TO THIS WEEKEND.
FOR THAT,
YOU CAN TAKE MANNY HOME.
(laughs)
SEE WHAT I HAVE
TO PUT UP WITH?
(laughs)
(sighs) UGH.
GIL!
PHIL DUNPHY.
Ha ha ha!
I KNEW YOU'D
COME SLINKING BACK!
HEY, GUYS!
IT'S DUNPHY. HE'S CAVIN'.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
(men laugh)
WHAT DID I TELL YOU, HEY?
(laughs)
OH, DUNPHY, I CAN PLAY YOU
LIKE A UKULELE,
'CAUSE YOU'RE
SMALL AND DAINTY.
GIL, I WANNA TALK TO YOU
ABOUT YOUR OFFER.
Oh, ho! Let me stop you
right there.
THIS IS HOW THIS
IS GONNA GO DOWN.
FIRST OF ALL, I'M GONNA TAKE YOU
OUT TO A VERY NICE DINNER.
I'M GONNA TALK REALLY SWEET
TO YOU.
AND THEN I'M GONNA
LAY YOU DOWN BY THE FIRE...
OH.
Slow at first, then...
(speaking indistinctly)
IF YOU GUYS ARE TALKING
ABOUT THE HOUSE,
MY FRIEND ZACK'S
STILL LOOKING.
HONEY, 14-YEAR-OLDS CAN'T AFFORD
TO BUY HOUSES.
HE'S NOT 14.
HE'S A SOFTWARE GUY
WHO VOLUNTEERS AT MY SCHOOL.
...we're gonna be sweating...
(lowered voice)
HE'S AN ADULT WITH MONEY?
HE DRIVES A NICER CAR
THAN YOU.
GET ME HIS NUMBER
RIGHT NOW!
...AND THEN YOU'RE
GONNA GO HOME
AND TELL EVERYBODY
YOU WENT TO THE MOVIES,
BUT YOU AND I BOTH KNOW
THAT YOU GOT THORPEDOED.
(laughs)
Guess what, Gil.
This was a courtesy call
TO TELL YOU THAT I HAVE
ANOTHER BUYER.
SO YOU CAN TELL
YOUR BUYER
THAT YOU COST THEM
A GREAT HOUSE...
(mouths words)
BECAUSE YOU GOT COCKY
AND OVERPLAYED YOUR HAND.
PREPARE TO PHIL
THE AGONY OF DUN-FEAT.
MNH.
(beep)
BOTH NAMES!
NOW I'M NOT AN ART EXPERT
LIKE YOU,
BUT I DID ACQUIRE
THIS PIECE IN A GALLERY
IN ONE OF THE FINER
VEGAS CASINOS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
IT DOES SAY SOMETHING.
HE USED TO, BEFORE HIS
LITTLE VOICE BOX BROKE.
IT SAID, "WELCOME HOME,
MASTER.
RUFF DAY?"
(laughs)
(inhales deeply) AGAIN?
WOULD YOU BELIEVE SHE MADE ME
KEEP THIS IN THE ATTIC?
GLORIA,
TRISH SAYS THIS IS ART.
WHAT WAS IT THOREAU SAID?
"IT'S NOT WHAT YOU LOOK AT THAT
MATTERS. IT'S WHAT YOU SEE."
HEAR THAT?
YOU WERE WRONG.
KEEP TALKING LIKE THAT,
AND YOU WILL FIND OUT
HOW HE LOST HIS VOICE BOX.
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
HIS NAME'S BARKLEY.
(laughs)
THAT'S DELIGHTFUL.
IT'S NOT DELIGHTFUL.
IT'S DISGUSTING.
UH, LOOK AT WARHOL.
LOOK AT KOONS.
A LOT OF GREAT WORKS
OF CONTEMPORARY ART WERE
INITIALLY DISMISSED
AS GARBAGE.
EXCELLENT POINT,
TRISH.
THIS IS
NOT EVEN GARBAGE.
THEY WOULDN'T TAKE IT.
IT'S TOO BIG FOR THE CAN.
NOW WHAT I SEE
IS A MAN WHO IS NOT MAN.
HE IS A SERVANT
WHO HAS LOST HIS DIGNITY.
IT IS A COMMENTARY
ON THE CLASS SYSTEM IN SOCIETY--
AS WELL AS A HANDY PLACE
TO PUT YOUR KEYS AND SUNGLASSES.
WHATEVER HE IS, YOUR BARKLEY
IS GOING BACK TO THE ATTIC.
I'M GOING
TO SEE THE BABY.
OHH.
BARKLEY.
VERY CLEVER.
(chuckles)
COME ON, GUYS.
LET'S PLAY.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO PLAY?
CHARADES.
ME AND TRISH
AGAINST DAD AND JAY.
I HAVE TO WARN YOU, JAY.
THESE TWO ARE VERY GOOD.
IT'S LIKE THEY HAVE
THEIR OWN LANGUAGE.
I WANT TO PLAY,
TOO.
WHICH TEAM SHOULD I JOIN?
GO WITH MANNY.
GO WITH JAY.
THEM. HIS TEAM.
OKAY, THEN. GREAT.
WELL, WE'LL SEE YOU TONIGHT.
(cell phone beeps)
WELL, ZACK BARBIE IS INDEED
AN ADULT,
HE LIKES THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
AND HE'S INTERESTED.
OH, THANK GOD.
(sighs)
REALLY,
DID GOD COME IN HERE
AND TELL YOU ABOUT HIM?
BECAUSE I DON'T REMEMBER
IT THAT WAY.
OKAY, OKAY,
THIS IS IT, PEOPLE.
WE CANNOT AFFORD
TO LOSE THIS BUYER.
WHY AM I STANDING?
PHIL, DO YOU THINK THIS IS
THE RIGHT HOUSE FOR HIM?
IT'S HARD TO TELL.
HE'S YOUNG. HE'S SINGLE.
I DON'T KNOW
ANYTHING ELSE ABOUT HIM.
(typing)
ZACK BARBIE. BORN 1986.
WENT TO COLLEGE
AT A PLACE CALLED "MIT."
(Alex) M.I.T.
I KNOW HOW TO SPELL IT.
FIVE WORDS.
IT'S A BOOK.
(Gloria)
THERE'S AN OLD MAN...
ON THE BOAT...
HE CAUGHT A BIG FISH.
THE OLD MAN
AND THE FISH!
UH, TIME!
"THE OLD MAN
AND THE SEA"!
NEVER HEARD ABOUT IT.
HEMINGWAY'S CLASSIC TALE
OF MAN VERSUS NATURE.
LEAVE IT TO A GUY
WITH A HUNDRED CATS
TO WRITE A GOOD FISH STORY,
RIGHT?
OH, HO, TRISH!
(laughs)
(forced laugh) WHAT IS THIS,
A BOOK CLUB OR A FUN GAME?
GO.
OH.
PLAY.
FIVE WORDS.
SECOND WORD.
SCARED. AFRAID.
"WHO'S AFRAID
OF VIRGINIA WOOLF?"
GOT IT!
YOU'RE AMAZING!
OH! (laughs)
WOWIE!
YOU COULD DO THIS FOR A LIVING.
REALLY?
THERE'S SUCH A THING?
NO, JUST LIKE
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS A PROFESSIONAL
BROADWAY ENTHUSIAST.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO GET
A REAL JOB.
OKAY,
IT'S MY TURN.
(chuckles)
I DON'T KNOW THIS.
MOM, YOU HAVE TO DO
THE ONE YOU PICK.
OH, NO, MANNY.
IT'S FINE.
JUST KEEP PICKING
UNTIL YOU GET ONE YOU LIKE.
NO, NO. I DON'T HAVE TO KEEP
PICKING. I'M GONNA DO THIS ONE.
(gasps)
UH-OH.
NO, I GOT THIS.
IS IT A PLAY, A BOOK,
OR A MOVIE?
YEAH, ONE OF THOSE.
"LOST"!
"CLUELESS"!
"DAZED
AND CONFUSED"!
THIS IS STUPID.
NOBODY CAN GET THIS.
YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
I JUST...
YEAH. SEE?
THIS IS ONE OF MINE.
IT'S REALLY HARD.
MM.
REALLY? WHAT IS IT?
YOU DO IT.
WELL... D--
PLAY.
"SWEENEY TODD"!
(Jay groans)
EXACTLY.
AH!
(stomps foot)
(Javier) WHAT A TEAM.
(laughs)
THIS IS A STUPID... GAME!
MM!
OKAY, SO AFTER A QUICK SCAN
OF HIS FACEBOOK, TWITTER,
TUMBLR, PINTEREST,
AND INSTAGRAM,
HERE IS
WHAT I KNOW.
PRIVACY IS DEAD?
(sighs deeply)
LIKES--CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS,
KICKBOXING,
THE MOVIE "DIE HARD,"
AND BEER.
HE SOUNDS LIKE A FRAT BOY.
OH, HE'S MANY THINGS.
HE MEDITATES,
HE LOVES INDIAN FOOD,
AND HE'S CRAZY
ABOUT HIS DOG OTIS.
DOES THE HOUSE
HAVE A DOGGIE DOOR?
NO.
PUT ONE IN. YOU GET TO BARBIE
THROUGH OTIS.
(lowered voice) SHE'S LIKE
THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO.
WITH CUTER HAIR.
STOP TALKING NOW!
OH, SHE REALLY IS.
DUDE HAS A THING
FOR CHICKS IN BLACK TIGHTS,
HE LIKES
OLD SCHOOL FUNK,
AND HE CHIPPED HIS FRONT TOOTH
PLAYING SOCCER.
AW! IT'S ACTUALLY
KIND OF CUTE.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE FALLING IN LOVE WITH HIM.
OH, PLEASE. IT'S JUST A JOB,
NOTHING MORE.
OKAY, THAT'S ENOUGH
TO GO ON, LET'S MOVE.
WE'VE GOT TWO HOURS
TO TURN THAT PLACE
INTO ZACK BARBIE'S
DREAM HOUSE.
BARBIE'S DREAM HOUSE.
WE DON'T HAVE TIME!
(pounding loudly)
WHAT THE HELL
WAS ALL THAT ABOUT?
WHY DON'T YOU ASK TRISH?
SHE KNOWS EVERYTHING.
WELL, AT LEAST
SHE'S NOT A BIMBO.
SHE AND MANNY SEEM
TO HIT IT OFF FINE.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
JUST ONE WEEKEND,
AND HE ALREADY IDOLIZES HER.
AND WHY WOULDN'T HE?
SHE'S SO MUCH SMARTER THAN ME.
SHE KNOWS SO MUCH MORE ABOUT
THE THINGS THAT HE LOVES.
THEY HAVE
THEIR LITTLE INSIDE JOKES.
(exhales) IF SHE LEARNS
HOW TO FROTH HIS CAPPUCCINO,
I AM HISTORY.
YOU AND MANNY HAVE THE CLOSEST
RELATIONSHIP I'VE EVER SEEN.
HELL,
HE MAY NEVER FORM
A HEALTHY ATTACHMENT
WITH ANOTHER WOMAN AFTER YOU.
YOU'RE
JUST SAYING THAT.
AND IT DOESN'T MATTER
IF MANNY LIKES HER.
KNOWING
JAVIER'S TRACK RECORD,
HE'LL DUMP HER
LIKE HE DUMPS EVERYBODY.
YOU ARE WRONG, JAY.
I'M NOT GOING TO DUMP HER.
IN FACT, THIS WEEKEND,
I ASKED TRISH TO MARRY ME.
(laughs)
YOU'RE GOING
TO MARRY HER?
I WAS WAITING FOR THE RIGHT TIME
TO TELL YOU.
NAILED IT.
I WANTED TO ASK YOU
FOR MY ABUELA'S RING BACK.
I REALLY WANT TRISH
TO WEAR IT.
SHE IS THE MOST AMAZING WOMAN
I'VE EVER KNOWN.
YOU SEE THAT I AM HOLDING
A KNIFE.
PLEASE. HALF OUR MARRIAGE
WAS YOU WITH A KNIFE.
TRISH IS THE ONE.
AND MANNY ALREADY LOVES HER.
HE CAN SPEND MORE TIME
WITH US NOW--
HOLIDAYS,
SUMMERS EVEN.
FINE.
I'LL GO GET YOU THE RING.
BUT YOU OWE ME $8
BECAUSE I HAD TO REPLACE
"THE EMERALD."
(clink)
(plate clatters)
WOW.
JAVIER, YOU'VE BROUGHT A LOT
OF 30-YEAR-OLDS AROUND HERE,
BUT THIS ONE'S
MY FAVORITE.
AND I LIKE
TRISH, TOO.
(Javier laughs)
ME, TOO.
WELL,
THEN I SUPPOSE
THIS IS AS GOOD A MOMENT
AS ANY TO TELL YOU, MANNY.
TRISH AND I
ARE GETTING MARRIED.
OH, MY GOSH.
THIS IS THE BEST NEWS EVER!
OH!
HERE.
DRINK.
NOW LISTEN,
MY LOVE.
THIS BELONGED
TO MY ABUELA.
UM, MAYBE NOT NOW,
JAVIER.
NO, NO.
PLEASE. PLEASE.
IT WILL FILL MY HEART
TO SEE THIS RING ON YOUR...
YOUR FINGER.
OH. IT'S--
IT'S A LITTLE SMALL.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
NO, NO. I'LL JUST PUSH
A LITTLE HARDER.
JAVIER, STOP.
IT'LL NEVER WORK.
BUT WAIT,
MY LOVE.
WE CAN PUT BUTTER
ON YOUR FINGER.
(doorbell rings)
THAT'S HIM.
HIT IT.
(Rick James' "Super Freak"
playing)
HEY! NOT HIM.
HEY, GUYS.
SORRY IT TOOK ME SO LONG.
(song stops)
I'VE NEVER BOUGHT
BEER BEFORE.
THERE'S JUST
SO MANY CHOICES.
DO WE REALLY
NEED THAT MUCH?
I DON'T KNOW.
IS THIS A LOT?
(doorbell rings)
SHOWTIME!
(song resumes playing)
HEY! NOT HIM.
(song stops)
HEY! THOUGHT I'D JUST SWING BY
AND SEE HOW IT'S GOING.
(door closes)
ZACK HERE?
OH, MY GOD.
(utensils clatter)
YOU ARE WEARING
BLACK TIGHTS.
ALEX WAS RIGHT.
YOU ARE INTO HIM.
THAT SKANK ZOEY BROKE HIS HEART.
I CAN MAKE HIM WHOLE AGAIN!
HALEY.
(doorbell rings)
OKAY,
THAT HAS TO BE HIM.
EVERYONE WE KNOW
IS ALREADY HERE.
EVERYONE, PLACES.
LET'S MAKE THIS PERFECT.
(iPod beeps)
I'm Ira Glass.
Today on the program...
NO, NO. TURN THAT OFF!
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
(Phil) TURN IT OFF!
IT'S THE BACK BUTTON.
HEY!
YOU MUST BE ZACK.
YEAH.
I'M PHIL DUNPHY. COME ON IN.
HI.
YEAH.
THESE ARE
MY ASSOCIATES.
HELLO! GOOD EVENING.
HI!
(high-pitched voice) HI!
OH, AND MY,
UH, MY DAUGHTER.
SO... THIS IS THE PLACE.
LOOKS NICE.
SO, ZACK,
YOU HUNGRY?
UH, NO.
BUT, UH, IT SMELLS GREAT.
YEAH, IT'S FROM THIS AMAZING
INDIAN PLACE JUST DOWN THE ROAD.
IT'S WALKING DISTANCE.
WHICH IS AWESOME IF YOU'VE HAD
ONE TOO MANY BREWSKIS,
AM I RIGHT? (laughs)
YEAH.
(Phil clears throat)
OH. IS SOMEONE A BLACKHAWKS FAN?
LOVE THE HAWKS.
(chuckles) YEAH, WELL,
THAT'S A WEIRD COINCIDENCE.
LET'S GO CHECK OUT
THE KICKBOXING GYM.
SERIOUSLY?
I KICKBOX.
(high-pitched voice)
WHAT?!
YEAH.
COME ON!
(mouths word)
(whispers)
HALEY!
TRISH, OPEN UP!
(Trish) NO. I DON'T WANT
TO SEE YOU RIGHT NOW.
OPEN UP, OR I'M GOING
TO BREAK DOWN THE DOOR!
HEY! HEY, HEY, HEY!
DON'T BREAK DOWN THE DOOR!
AY, CARAMBA.
I'M BEGINNING TO THINK
I SHOULD'VE JUST BOUGHT A RING.
LET ME TALK TO HER.
YOU?
YES. SHE'S SCARED.
MAYBE I CAN HELP.
HELP HER GO... ADIOS.
GO AHEAD.
AND YOU TELL HER SHE'S
BEING CRAZY AND IRRATIONAL.
AND IF SHE
DOESN'T COME OUT,
I'M GOING TO BURN DOWN
THIS HOUSE!
DON'T BURN DOWN
THE HOUSE!
TRISH, OPEN!
IT'S GLORIA.
I'M SORRY.
I NEEDED TO BE ALONE.
IN MANNY'S BEDROOM?
(door closes)
WELL... (sighs) I THOUGHT
IT WAS A BATHROOM.
IT SMELLS LIKE
POTPOURRI.
MM.
LISTEN,
I WOULD BE THE FIRST PERSON
TO UNDERSTAND THAT
YOU'RE HAVING SECOND THOUGHTS
ABOUT MARRYING JAVIER.
I AM,
BUT I DO LOVE HIM.
OF COURSE YOU DO,
EVEN THOUGH HE'S IRRESPONSIBLE
AND IMPULSIVE,
AND IF YOUR SISTERS ARE
EVEN A LITTLE BIT PRETTY,
HE'S GONNA TRY--
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S NOT THAT.
IS IT THE DRINKING?
(sighs)
IS IT THE GAMBLING?
IS IT BECAUSE OF YOUR
FAT FINGERS?
NO, IT'S YOU.
ME?
HOW CAN I COMPETE
WITH YOU?
ALL MANNY
TALKS ABOUT
IS HOW HE'S GOT
THE WORLD'S GREATEST MOM.
AND I KNOW JAVIER REGRETS
LOSING YOU.
NO, HE DOESN'T.
OH, BELIEVE ME,
HE DOES.
AND WHO COULD BLAME HIM?
I MEAN... (chuckles)
LOOK AT YOU!
WHO HAS
A BODY LIKE THAT?!
AND YOU JUST HAD A BABY
TWO MONTHS AGO?
I MEAN, WHAT--DO YOU JUST
LIVE AT THE GYM?
WHO HAS TIME
FOR THE GYM?
OHH!
YOU KNOW
WHAT I HAD FOR LUNCH?!
I HAD A HALF
A GRANOLA BAR,
AND I CAN'T
BUTTON MY PANTS!
I CAN'T COOK!
AND AT BEST,
I AM AVERAGE IN BED!
AND I WILL NEVER, EVER, EVER
LIVE UP TO THE GREAT GLORIA!
WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!
AND DID I MENTION THAT
FROM THE BACK OF THE GARDEN,
YOU CAN ALMOST SEE
A PIECE OF THE BUILDING
THAT THEY SHOT
"DIE HARD" IN?
WOW!
(laughs)
I LIKE TO SIT BACK THERE
SOMETIMES.
IT'S A GREAT PLACE TO GATHER
MY THOUGHTS AND JUST...
I DON'T KNOW.
BE IN THE NOW.
I MEDITATE
EVERY DAY.
YIPPEE-KI-YAY!
YEAH.
WHAT ARE THE ODDS?
(laughs)
(Haley laughs)
YOU KNOW, THIS IS PROBABLY
NOT GONNA HELP
MY NEGOTIATING
POWER, BUT...
I KINDA CAN'T BELIEVE
HOW PERFECT THIS HOUSE IS.
AND HOW MUCH IS LITTLE OTIS
GONNA ENJOY THIS DOGGIE DOOR?
HOW DO YOU... KNOW
MY DOG'S NAME?
I DON'T.
YEAH, YOU DO.
YOU JUST SAID "OTIS."
NO, NO, NO,
HE SAID,
"OH, DIS DOGGIE DOOR WOULD BE
PERFECT FOR YOUR DOG..."
SHOULD YOU OWN ONE.
THAT'S NOT EVEN CLOSE
TO WHAT HE JUST SAID.
THAT'S WHAT I HEARD.
ANYWAY, WE CAN DO
A VERY FAST ESCROW
AND GET YOU IN THIS HOUSE
BY THE END OF THE MONTH.
OH! JUST IN TIME
FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY!
(Claire) OHH.
THIS IS WEIRD!
IT'S TOTALLY WEIRD.
OKAY, THE BLACKHAWKS,
YOU KNOW MY BIRTHDAY,
AND YOU KNOW
MY DOG'S NAME.
YOU GUYS ARE FREAKING ME OUT.
(Claire) OKAY, WAIT A SECOND.
WE POURED OUR HEARTS
INTO THIS HOUSE,
AND WE JUST WANTED TO SHOW YOU
WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE
IF YOU WERE LIVING HERE.
DID WE GO A TINY BIT OVERBOARD?
(beep)
("Super Freak"
resumes playing)
OH, MY GOD.
MM!
FAVORITE SONG.
WAY TO GO.
HA. YOU TAKE CARE.
CAN YOU EVEN SEE THE "DIE HARD"
BUILDING FROM HERE?
(Phil, Claire, Mitchell,
and Haley) NO. MNH-MNH.
I'LL BE AT COACHELLA, TOO!
I'LL COME FIND YOU!
HONEY! HALEY!
HALEY!
(door closes)
WELL, THAT'S IT.
WE'RE OFFICIALLY
SCREWED.
DARN IT.
IT'S OKAY, HONEY.
NO, IT'S NOT OKAY.
I FEEL RESPONSIBLE.
I DRAGGED US
ALL INTO THIS.
THE WHOLE POINT
WAS SO THAT I COULD MAKE
A LITTLE EXTRA MONEY
AND CONTRIBUTE
TO THE FAMILY,
AND INSTEAD,
I'M GONNA END UP COSTING US.
I'M A FAILURE.
HEY.
NO ONE COULD'VE
PREDICTED THIS.
(glass shatters)
MY BAD.
WE'LL FIND ANOTHER BUYER.
THIS TIME, WE'LL LEARN
FROM OUR MISTAKES.
GOT IT. I GOT IT.
(doorbell rings)
(gasps) HE'S BACK!
OH! PLAY IT! PLAY IT!
NO. NO, NO, NO! STOP!
STOP. STOP.
THIS IS A GREAT HOUSE.
IT WAS BUILT WITH INTEGRITY.
WE SHOULD SELL IT THAT WAY,
OKAY? NO MORE TRICKS.
YEAH.
LET'S JUST BE HONEST.
(Claire) NO TRICKS.
HEY, DUNPHY.
GIL.
(chuckles) YOUR OFFICE SAID
YOU'D BE OVER HERE.
YEAH, I AM HERE.
WITH MY BUYERS.
(clears throat)
WHAT DO YOU GUYS THINK?
OH, MY GOD!
THIS HOUSE IS PERFECT.
I ESPECIALLY LOVE
THE WARM EMBRACE OF THE PARLOR!
IT SCREAMS YOU.
NO, IT SCREAMS YOU, SWEETIE.
OH, DIS DOGGIE DOOR, CAM.
LOOK.
(high-pitched voice) OOH!
DAMN IT.
GAYS.
THEY COME TO PLAY.
I'M BUSY, GIL.
DON'T ACCEPT ANY OFFERS
WITHOUT TALKING TO ME FIRST.
MY BUYER
WANTS IN, ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE'RE PRETTY FAR
DOWN THAT ROAD.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL UP THE OFFER.
GIL...
LET ME TELL YOU
HOW THIS IS GONNA GO DOWN.
FIRST, YOU'RE GONNA BUY ME
A LOVELY DINNER.
NO,
THAT'S NOT IT.
FIRST, I'M GONNA
BUY YOU A LOVELY DINNER.
THEN I'M GONNA
TAKE YOU IN THE BACK...
(high-pitched voice) IT'S GONNA
HAPPEN! IT'S GONNA HAPPEN!
(voice breaks) WE'RE GONNA
SELL THE HOUSE.
(Cameron and Claire gasping)
YOU SEE, MITCHELL?
I TOLD YOU SO.
(whispers) YEAH!
(cell phone rings)
OH.
THAT'S MY WIFE.
I BETTER TAKE IT.
HEY, HEY. WHOA, LISTEN.
WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON'T TELL HER YOU'RE
PLAYING GOLF ON A WEEKDAY.
YOU'LL BE DOING DISHES
ALL NIGHT.
GOOD CALL.
THANK YOU, MY MAN.
HEY, HONEY.
WHAT'S UP?
OH, NOT MUCH.
JUST, UH,
IN A MEETING.
YOU KNOW, WORKING HARD,
BRINGING HOME THE BACON.
NO, HE'S NOT!
HE'S PLAYING GOLF!
NO. (chuckles)
(laughs)
UM...
FORE! NICE PUTT! (laughs)
WHY YOU LYING TO YOUR WIFE,
DUNPHY? HUH?
HEY, HE HAD A BEER
AT LUNCH, TOO!
WHAT IS WRONG
WITH YOU?
(laughs)
YOU JUST GOT THORPEDOED!
COME BACK HERE.